# Superstore-Sales-EDA

## Objective
The main objective of this exploratory data analysis is to get an undertanding of thee following business :
- who and where customers are coming.
- get metrics on business operations and processes
- identify opportunities to reduce operational costs


The code and suppoting work for this analysis can be found the jupyeter notebook [here.](https://github.com/eddydatabox/Superstore-Sales-EDA/blob/main/SuperStore-Exploratory-data-analysis.ipynb)

## Customer Analysis
### Who were the most Profitable Customers?
Let's see who who are customers who provided the most the profits were.


### Which States Generated the Most Revenue?
Here are the Top 10 States which generated the highest revenue.

### What cities generated the most Revenue?
Here are the top 10 cities which generated the highest revenue.


### Which categories generated the most revenue?
We can see that Category - Technology generated the highest revenue of about $827426.
The Total Revenue generated by all the categories - $2261536.

### Which products contributed most to the revenue?
We can see that Product - Canon imageCLASS 2200 Advanced Copier generated the highest revenue of about $61600!
The Total Revenue generated by all these products - $209624.

### Let's look at the revenue generated by each Sub-Category
We can see that Sub-Category - Phones generated the highest revenue of about $327782.

### Which Segment has the highest sales?
The Segment - Consumer generated the highest revenue.

### Which shipping mode has the highest sales?

### Correlation of Features
By plotting a correlation matrix, we have a very nice overview of how the features are related to one another. For a Pandas dataframe, we can conveniently use the call .corr which by default provides the Pearson Correlation values of the columns pairwise in that dataframe.
